docs: add iso activation method for LarePass (#1861)
beclab/Olares: docs/manual/larepass/activate-olares.md

To avoid activation failures, ensure that both your phone and the Olares device are connected to the **same network** when activating as an **admin user**.  
For **member users**, the same network requirement does **not** apply.  
:::

## Activate after one-line script installation

If you [installed Olares via the one-line script](../get-started/install-olares.md#install-olares) and completed the initial setup in the wizard:

![Activate Olares](/images/manual/larepass/activate-olares.png#bordered)

1. Open LarePass app.
2. Tap **Scan QR code** to scan the QR code on the Wizard page. 
3. Follow the on-screen instructions on LarePass to reset the login password for Olares. 

After successful activation, the LarePass app will automatically return to the home screen, and the Wizard will redirect you to the login page.

## Activate after ISO installation

If you installed Olares via ISO on PVE or are using an Olares hardware device with ISO pre-installed:

![ISO Activate](/images/manual/larepass/iso-activate.png#bordered)

1. Open the LarePass app.

2. Tap **Discover nearby Olares**. Your Olares device should appear.

3. Tap **Install now** to finish the installation process.

> 4. Tap **Activate now** to activate Olares and initialize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Tap **Activate now** to activate Olares and complete initialization.
```
